Add docs for build and publish parts (#304)
mitsuhiko/rye: docs/guide/publish.md

# Building and Publishing

Rye currently uses [build](https://github.com/pypa/build) to build the package and uses [twine](https://github.com/pypa/twine) to publish it.

## Build

By default, `rye` will build the both sdist and wheel target in the `dist` directory.

```
rye build
```

> You can using the `--sdist` or `--wheel` flag to build the specific target, or specify the output directory with `--out`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `--sdist` or `--wheel` flag to build the specific target, or specify the output directory with `--out`.
```

```
rye build --wheel --out target
```

If you want to clean the build directory before building, run:

```
rye build --clean
```

## Publish

Rye will publish the distribution files under the `dist` directory to PyPI by default.

```bash
rye publish
```

> You maybe be asked to input your access token and some other info if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might be asked to input your access token and some other info if needed.
```

```
No access token found, generate one at: https://pypi.org/manage/account/token/
Access token:

```

You can also specify the distribution files to be published:

```
rye publish dist/example-0.1.0.tar.gz
```

### --repository

> Rye support publish the package to a different repository by using the `--repository` and `--repository-url` flags. For example, to publish to the test repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rye supports publishing the package to a different repository by using the `--repository` and `--repository-url` flags. For example, to publish to the test PyPI repository:
```

```
rye publish --repository testpypi --repository-url https://test.pypi.org/legacy/
```

### --yes

> You can optionally set the `--yes` flag to skip the confirmation prompt, this can be useful for CI/CD pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally set the `--yes` flag to skip the confirmation prompt. This can be useful for CI/CD pipelines.
```

```
rye publish --token <your_token> --yes
```

> In the backend, rye save the credentials info in the `$HOME/.rye/credentials`, it means you don't need to provide the credentials info next time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rye will save and re-use credentials that are stored in `$HOME/.rye/credentials`.
```

Author: In fact, `rye` stores not only token, but also repository, username, etc. This modification may not be comprehensive enough?

Maybe:
```
Rye will store your repository info in `$HOME/.rye/credentials` for future use.
```

Reviewer: Agreed!
